{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\author Ivan Vu\uc0\u269 ica}
{\*\copyright (c) 2010 Ivan Vu\uc0\u269 ica}}\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 README for Mac\

\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qj\pardirnatural
\cf0 This library is prepared to be built with Xcode. It builds a dynamically loaded .framework. Xcode project contains a single .framework target with two configurations: Debug and Release. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b Debug
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qj\pardirnatural
\cf0 This configuration is set to build only the native architecture of your machine. It does not install the library anywhere, and it's your duty to set it up prior to use in other programs or libraries. Recommended destination is /Library/Frameworks.\
\

\b Release\

\b0 This configuration is set to build optimized universal binary; at the moment of writing, on a 64bit Mac included architectures are i386, ppc and x86_64. IMPORTANT: This configuration will automaticaly install the produced .framework into /Library/Frameworks, and it will overwrite any previous version installed there.\
\
Reasoning: Release is the most interesting target for people wishing to just build this library as a dependency for other software and be done with it. Hence it serves them well if it automatically installed itself. Also, Release is what will be used when releasing, which means the library is tested and as bug-free as possible prior to release, therefore it's probably safe to overwrite previous version.\
\
-- ivan@vucica.net, Jul 15th 2010\
}