{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\info
{\author Ivan Vu\uc0\u269 ica}
{\*\copyright (c) 2010 Ivan Vu\uc0\u269 ica}}\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 README for iOS\

\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qj\pardirnatural
\cf0 This library is prepared to be built with Xcode. It builds an SDK consisting of public headers and a static library. Xcode project contains a single Cocoa Touch static library target with two configurations: Debug and Release. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b Debug
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qj\pardirnatural
\cf0 This configuration is set to build only the library, and not prepare the SDK. It does not install the library or the headers anywhere, and it's your duty to set it up prior to use in other programs or libraries. \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qj\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Release\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qj\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 This configuration is set to build an SDK. An SDK is a directory with structure:\
\pard\tx220\tx540\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li500\fi-500\qj\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}SDK folder itself\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}inside, a particular platform's directory, for example, iphoneos.sdk and iphonesimulator.sdk\
\pard\tx220\tx460\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li500\fi-500\qj\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}inside, a structure emulating Mac OS X root filesystem, containing folder such as usr\
\pard\tx560\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qj\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
We name our SDKs librarynameSDK, and we store our files in librarynameSDK/platform.sdk/usr/local/\{lib,include\}. Once you build the SDK, it will be stored in build/Release/librarynameSDK/.\
\
After that, it's your duty to set it up for use in your programs and (recommended) install it userwide or systemwide. Recommended destinations include /Users/username/Library/SDKs/ and /Library/SDKs/. If the destination does not exist, you should create it. You can then add this SDK to your program through Xcode's "Additional SDKs" option.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qj\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
-- ivan@vucica.net, Aug 5th 2010\
}